Hey! Hi again, this is the solution to exercise 65.
And the answer is you need to replace the break statement with a continue statement.
So if you execute
the code now,
you get hello hello hello
printed out repeatedly.
So that was the question for the exercise.
You need to print out hello repeatedly and you never print out hi. Why this happens is because you know
while true print hello if two is greater than one. It is greater then one, continue. What continue
does it continues the loop from the beginning
if this condition is true and so this condition is always true so what Python will do, what continue will
do, it will is to repeat the loop always repeatedly and it will never go through this line.
That's what continue does. So it's like the opposite of break because break breaks the loop at this
point.
It doesn't go to the next iteration of the loop but instead it goes the next line and pass.
What pass does is it prints,
it executes the next line.
But then the loop goes again repeatedly.  It executes again, and again, and again.
So this is the difference between these three statements break, pass, and continue.
I hope this was useful and I'll talk to you later.